NOTE:
All programs released in this Wire Extras SVN are released under the GPL v3, or their respective licenses. Please review License.txt for terms and conditions.

-----------------
INSTALLATION:

Simply checkout this SVN repository to a folder of your choice, in your garrysmod addons. Do a full restart of your server/game for the addon to take effect.

-----------------
Addons listed in this format:

Addon Contributed - developer - license (if not GPL v3)
hyperlink

-----------------

EGP e2 Graphics Processor: Goluch / Doridian
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/e2-development/16225-release-egp-e2-graphics-processor.html

Adv. HUD Indicator - Moggie100 (Based on the origional by TheApathetic)
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/6571-advanced-hud-tools.html

Borsty's Wire Ents -
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/6888-wire-highspeed-ranger-2.html
	Dynamic Memory
	Wire Highspeed ranger 
	Wire RT Camera

Buoyancy Stool - RabidToaster
http://forums.facepunchstudios.com/showthread.php?p=10186318

Detonation Cord - philxyz
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/ideas-suggestions/6139-wire-detonation-cord-demolitions.html

Directional Radios - philxyz (Decided to go for it based on request by -=Fox=-)
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/ideas-suggestions/525-wire-directional-radios.html

Door Stool - Doridian
http://forums.facepunchstudios.com/showthread.php?t=480569

DuFace's Gates
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/5661-entity-gates-vector-gates-other-stuff.html

Facer - Incompatible
http://www.garrysmod.org/downloads/?a=view&id=20074

Freezer - Incompatible
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/2352-wire-freezer.html

Free Fall's Extentions
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/5129-free-fall-extension-wire-socket-radio-other-stuff-i-made.html
	Adv. Dupe. Teleporter
	Adv. Dupe RAM-Chip
	Interactive Holoemitter
	String Switch Gate
	RAM-Card's

High-speed holoemitter - Fizyk
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/8308-high-speed-holoemitter.html

Insanely Huge Memory and Phi Gate - MagnetoHydroDynamics
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/5018-insanely-huge-memory-chips-phi-gate.html/

_Kilburn's Addons
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/4294-addons-wire-mod-mods-wire-addon.html
	Wire String Gates
	Wire Materializer
	Wire Painter
	Wire Motor
	Wire Microphone
	Wire RFID Systems (http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/3017-wire-rfid-systems.html)

Keycards - adb
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/2143-wire-keycards.html - (Placed in public domain by Author)

Keypad - Robbis_1 and TomyLobo
http://forums.facepunchstudios.com/showthread.php?t=276931

Lever - cpf
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/4097-wire-lever.html

Multi-wire tool - Incompatible
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/2545-multi-wire-tool.html

No Collide Addon - splat2010
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/4777-no-collide-addon.html

Notifier - high6
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/3204-notifier.html

PID Controller (super delta) - Moyer
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/5061-pid-controller.html

Prop Core - Mr.Faul
http://wiki.garrysmod.com/?title=Expression_2_-_Prop_Core

Servo 2 - Exitlights
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/6878-wired-servo-2-a.html

Semi-realistic Wiremod Magnet - cpf
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/7693-semi-realistic-wiremod-magnet.html

Simple Servo - Selig
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/5850-wire-simple-servo.html

Simulate Data Stool - ZeitJT
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/8135-simulate-data-stool.html

Wire Detcord - Philxyz
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/ideas-suggestions/6139-wire-detonation-cord-demolitions.html

Wired Damage Scale - Hitman271
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/6346-wired-damage-scale.html

Wire Highspeed ranger - Borsty
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/6888-wire-highspeed-ranger.html

Wired Npcs - Hitman271
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/5930-wired-npc.html

Wired RT Camera - Hurricaaane
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/11063-wired-rt-camera-zoom-input.html

Wired Wirer - Jeremydeath
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/9941-jeremydeaths-various-wire-addons.html

Wire Wireless - AlgorithmX2
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/6471-wire-wireless.html

Wire Field Generators - AlgorithmX2
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/6497-wire-field-generator-s.html

XYZ Beacon - Doticatto
http://www.wiremod.com/forum/wiremod-addons/4708-wired-xyz-beacon-eject-input-socket.html

Copyright CoreyLee Hassell (Anticept), and respective developers, 2007-2009.
